Cours - Active Korean 4 - 2023-2024/Cours/Unit 1/Unit 1.md, before:

---
tags:
  - 고있다
  - 아니다
  - 보이다
  - 는데
  - couleurs
  - caractères
toc: content
---
```toc
```
## 2023-09-30

### couleurs

![](2023_09_30_Couleurs_2.png)

![](2023_09_30_Couleurs.png)
### Porter vetement
![](2023_09_30_Porter.png)

## 2023-10-07

### caractères

#### actif
![](2023_10_07_caractere_actif.png)
#### presse
![](2023_10_07_caractere_presse.png)
####  gentil
![](2023_10_07_caractere_gentil.png)
####  timide
![](2023_10_07_caractere_timide.png)

## 2023-10-14
### 는데

![](2023_10_14_regle_는데.png)
![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_0.png)


![](2023_10_14_는데_exo1.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo2.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo3.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo4.png)


![](2023_10_14_는데_exo5.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo6.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo7.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo8.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo9.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo10.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo11.png)

![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_verbe_adjectif_nom1.png)
![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_verbe_adjectif_nom2.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo12.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo13.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo14.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo15.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo16.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo17.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo18.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo19.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo20.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo21.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo22.png)

### 그렇다

![](2023_10_14_regle_그렇다.png)

### ㅎ irrégulier

![](2023_10_14_regle_ㅎ다.png)

### ㅎ + 아서 = 얘서

![](2023_10_14_regle_아서.png)

### 네요 니까
![](2023_10_14_regle_네요%20니까.png)

### ㅎ + 고
![](2023_10_14_regle_고.png)

### ㅎ + 은/ㄴ

![](2023_10_14_regle_은%20ㄴ.png)
### exo ㅎ + ....
![](2023_10_14_고%20아서%20어서_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_고%20아서%20어서%20니까%20네요_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo3.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo2.png)

## 2023-10-21 
### couleurs
![](2023_10_21_couleurs_adjectif.png)
### taille cheveux
![](2023_10_21_taille_cheveux.png)
### forme cheveux
![](2023_10_21_forme_de_cheveux.png)

### taille

![](2023_10_21_taille.png)

### poids 

![](2023_10_21_poids.png)

### beau - moche
![](2023_10_21_beau_moche.png)
### photo famille
![](2023_10_21_photos_de_famille.png)

Commit message:

AK 4 Unit 1 - 외모와 성격 - Appearence and personality

Cours - Active Korean 4 - 2023-2024/Cours/Unit 1/Unit 1.md, after:

---
tags:
  - 고있다
  - 아니다
  - 보이다
  - 는데
  - couleurs
  - caractères
title: AK 4 Unit 1 - 외모와 성격 - Appearence and personality
---
```table-of-contents
```
## 2023-09-30

### couleurs

![](2023_09_30_Couleurs_2.png)

![](2023_09_30_Couleurs.png)
### Porter vetement
![](2023_09_30_Porter.png)

## 2023-10-07

### caractères

#### actif
![](2023_10_07_caractere_actif.png)
#### presse
![](2023_10_07_caractere_presse.png)
####  gentil
![](2023_10_07_caractere_gentil.png)
####  timide
![](2023_10_07_caractere_timide.png)

## 2023-10-14
### 는데

![](2023_10_14_regle_는데.png)
![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_0.png)


![](2023_10_14_는데_exo1.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo2.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo3.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo4.png)


![](2023_10_14_는데_exo5.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo6.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo7.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo8.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo9.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo10.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo11.png)

![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_verbe_adjectif_nom1.png)
![](2023_10_14_regle_는데_verbe_adjectif_nom2.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo12.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo13.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo14.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo15.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo16.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo17.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo18.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo19.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo20.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo21.png)

![](2023_10_14_는데_exo22.png)

### 그렇다

![](2023_10_14_regle_그렇다.png)

### ㅎ irrégulier

![](2023_10_14_regle_ㅎ다.png)

### ㅎ + 아서 = 얘서

![](2023_10_14_regle_아서.png)

### 네요 니까
![](2023_10_14_regle_네요%20니까.png)

### ㅎ + 고
![](2023_10_14_regle_고.png)

### ㅎ + 은/ㄴ

![](2023_10_14_regle_은%20ㄴ.png)
### exo ㅎ + ....
![](2023_10_14_고%20아서%20어서_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_고%20아서%20어서%20니까%20네요_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo3.png)
![](2023_10_14_그렇다_exo2.png)

## 2023-10-21 
### couleurs
![](2023_10_21_couleurs_adjectif.png)
### taille cheveux
![](2023_10_21_taille_cheveux.png)
### forme cheveux
![](2023_10_21_forme_de_cheveux.png)

### taille

![](2023_10_21_taille.png)

### poids 

![](2023_10_21_poids.png)

### beau - moche
![](2023_10_21_beau_moche.png)
### photo famille
![](2023_10_21_photos_de_famille.png)
